# Student-admission
## Abstract
  Prospective graduate students always face a dilemma deciding universities of their choice while applying to master's programs. While there are a good number of predictors and consultancies that guide a student, they aren't always reliable since decision is made on the basis of select past admissions.In this project, we present a Machine Learning based method where we use different algorithms, such as Random Forest, SVM, Liner Regression, given the profile of the student to predict colleges based on their profile. We then compute error functions for the different models and compare their performance to select the best performing model. Results then indicate if the university of choice is an ambitious or a safe one. Using this method user can enter Various factors as input like GRE , TOFEL, B.Tech percentage, term applying for , total technical papers published. Based on these features machine learning model can be selected and predictions of which college is possible for applying for MS is calculated and displayed to user. Along with these details students can look after students who have applied for universities based on their marks and status from university.
## Problem Statement
The Graduate Program is an exhaustive task that requires thorough preparations, both in terms of building a noteworthy profile and choosing universities that offer relevant programs. A majority of students applying to master’s programs face difficulty in shortlisting universities either because they are not aware of university rankings or would have been misinformed by seniors and fellow applicants. This often results in students missing out on admissions and leads to a complete wastage of resources.
## Objectives
Here, we present a Machine Learning based approach where the data is trained on a range of values, from stellar profiles to mediocre ones. After training the data, new values are fed to the system to determine the outcome. A sample profile is tested against all the four models defined earlier in order to understand the performance of each model, both theoretically and visually. We aim to bring students closer to their university of choice through a robust evaluation of their profiles.
